README.md, before:

# Redmine-Tracky

Improved time tracking for Redmine (tested using Redmine 5.1)

## Prerequisites

- npm
- Bash [(>= 5.0)](https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/)
- MySQL or PostgreSQL [(>= 14)](https://www.postgresql.org/download/)
- Ruby [(= 3.1.2)](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/)

## Development Setup

```sh
git clone -b 5.1-stable https://github.com/redmine/redmine
git clone https://github.com/renuo/redmine_tracky redmine/plugins/redmine_tracky
cd redmine/plugins/redmine_tracky

bin/setup
```

Optional: Adjust the [database file](../../config/database.yml)

## Production Setup

```sh
git clone https://github.com/renuo/redmine_tracky plugins/redmine_tracky

RAILS_ENV=production rake redmine:plugins:redmine_tracky:install
```

### Configuration

Administration => Roles & Permissions

### Development

- Run: `rake run`
- Lint: `rake lint`
- Test: `rake test`
- Watch Assets: `rake watch`

## Time Tracking Flow

```mermaid
stateDiagram-v2
    [*] --> CheckingSession : Start Request
    
    CheckingSession --> Conflict : Session Exists
    Conflict --> [*] : Return Conflict
    
    CheckingSession --> SessionCreation : No Active Session
    SessionCreation --> ValidatingSession : Create Session
    
    ValidatingSession --> IssueAssociation : Valid Session
    ValidatingSession --> Error : Invalid Session
    Error --> [*] : Return Unprocessable
    
    IssueAssociation --> ConnectorValidation : Issue Connector Init
    ConnectorValidation --> Error : Connector Invalid
    Error --> [*] : Return Unprocessable
    
    ConnectorValidation --> CheckingFinished : Connector Valid
    CheckingFinished --> Finalize : Session Finished
    CheckingFinished --> UpdateTimer : Session Active
    
    Finalize --> TimeEntryCreation : Mark Finished
    TimeEntryCreation --> Success : Create Time Entries
    Success --> [*] : Return Success
    
    UpdateTimer --> TimerUpdated : Update Session
    TimerUpdated --> Success : Valid Update
    TimerUpdated --> Error : Invalid Update
    Error --> [*] : Return Unprocessable
    
    destroy : Destroy Session
    destroy --> Cancel : Cancel Timer
    Cancel --> [*] : Return Cancel
```

## Copyright

Copyright 2021-2024 [Renuo AG](https://www.renuo.ch/), published under the MIT license.

Commit message:

Edit md-files - OSS maintenance (#152)
* Create CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

* Update README.md with contributions section

* Create CHANGELOG.md

* Update CHANGELOG.md

---------

Co-authored-by: Daniel Bengl <53896675+CuddlyBunion341@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# Redmine-Tracky

Improved time tracking for Redmine (tested using Redmine 5.1)

## Prerequisites

- npm
- Bash [(>= 5.0)](https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/)
- MySQL or PostgreSQL [(>= 14)](https://www.postgresql.org/download/)
- Ruby [(= 3.1.2)](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/)

## Development Setup

```sh
git clone -b 5.1-stable https://github.com/redmine/redmine
git clone https://github.com/renuo/redmine_tracky redmine/plugins/redmine_tracky
cd redmine/plugins/redmine_tracky

bin/setup
```

Optional: Adjust the [database file](../../config/database.yml)

## Production Setup

```sh
git clone https://github.com/renuo/redmine_tracky plugins/redmine_tracky

RAILS_ENV=production rake redmine:plugins:redmine_tracky:install
```

### Configuration

Administration => Roles & Permissions

### Development

- Run: `rake run`
- Lint: `rake lint`
- Test: `rake test`
- Watch Assets: `rake watch`

## Time Tracking Flow

```mermaid
stateDiagram-v2
    [*] --> CheckingSession : Start Request
    
    CheckingSession --> Conflict : Session Exists
    Conflict --> [*] : Return Conflict
    
    CheckingSession --> SessionCreation : No Active Session
    SessionCreation --> ValidatingSession : Create Session
    
    ValidatingSession --> IssueAssociation : Valid Session
    ValidatingSession --> Error : Invalid Session
    Error --> [*] : Return Unprocessable
    
    IssueAssociation --> ConnectorValidation : Issue Connector Init
    ConnectorValidation --> Error : Connector Invalid
    Error --> [*] : Return Unprocessable
    
    ConnectorValidation --> CheckingFinished : Connector Valid
    CheckingFinished --> Finalize : Session Finished
    CheckingFinished --> UpdateTimer : Session Active
    
    Finalize --> TimeEntryCreation : Mark Finished
    TimeEntryCreation --> Success : Create Time Entries
    Success --> [*] : Return Success
    
    UpdateTimer --> TimerUpdated : Update Session
    TimerUpdated --> Success : Valid Update
    TimerUpdated --> Error : Invalid Update
    Error --> [*] : Return Unprocessable
    
    destroy : Destroy Session
    destroy --> Cancel : Cancel Timer
    Cancel --> [*] : Return Cancel
```

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/renuo/redmine_tracky. 
This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to 
the [code of conduct](https://github.com/renuo/redmine_tracky/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## Copyright

Copyright 2021-2024 [Renuo AG](https://www.renuo.ch/), published under the MIT license.
